fix(editor): added option for consuming application to add samples in… (#38)
swisscom/JCR-Hopper: README.md

Running a script requires a script (either as a JSON-encoded string or as an instance of `com.swisscom.aem.tools.jcrhopper.config.Script`) and a runner (`com.swisscom.aem.tools.jcrhopper.Runner`).

> #### Creating a sample script

Reviewer: I would like to keep the documentation for scripts as-is (as it’s the more common case) and add a new section that explains how to add samples.

- A `label` that is displayed in the dropdown for Scripts.
- A `log level` that determines which log messages are sent to the run handler.
- A `list of hop configs` that are run against a given node. Hops can also have their own descendant pipelines of hop configs.
- A `list of parameters` that the script supports. Parameters always have a default value, thus passing arguments to the script runner is always optional. Each parameter also has a name, a script builder input type hint and an evaluation type that determines how the default values／arguments are to be interpreted.

##### Inside JCR Hopper repo

Common reusable scripts could be added to JCR Hopper repo itself.

- Create a json file with `log level` , `list of hop configs` & `list of parameters` under `/frontend/model/samples/` folder.
- Add an Entry in `SAMPLES` object by defining user-friendly label for Sample script.

##### Inside application project repo

If the Sample script is quite specific to your project needs then you can keep the script in your project repo with specific folder structure as defined below.

- Please add a file `additional-samnples.json` under `/apps/jcr-hopper/script-builder/samples/`

> - Add an array of your project specific sample scripts which includes label and config

Reviewer: Can we also allow each sample to be its own file? I.e. we just use every JSON inside `/apps/jcr-hopper/script-builder/samples/` as a single sample? The file name (without `.json`) could become the label. Or they could put the label into a separate JCR property on each file node.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I didn't think about using the jcr properties for the metadata, I like that better than my json wrapping idea. 

Also agree with them being a separate file as well, each should be one single file.

- A list of hop configs that are run against a given node. Hops can also have their own descendant pipelines of hop configs.
- A list of parameters that the script supports. Parameters always have a default value, thus passing arguments to the script runner is always optional. Each parameter also has a name, a script builder input type hint and an evaluation type that determines how the default values／arguments are to be interpreted.

> #### Creating a sample script

Reviewer: This is located under the “Java API” h3, which is not where it belongs. Either put it below HTTP API➡️Use the Script Builder or make it its own h2 (after Action Types).

JCR hopper sample scripts comprise the following:

- A `label` that is displayed in the dropdown for Scripts.
- A `log level` that determines which log messages are sent to the run handler.
- A `list of hop configs` that are run against a given node. Hops can also have their own descendant pipelines of hop configs.

> - A `list of parameters` that the script supports. Parameters always have a default value, thus passing arguments to the script runner is always optional. Each parameter also has a name, a script builder input type hint and an evaluation type that determines how the default values／arguments are to be interpreted.

Reviewer: IMHO this repetition of the list above is not necessary. The fact that there is an additional label (jcr:title) is already mentioned below.

Author: removed

##### Inside JCR Hopper repo

Common reusable scripts could be added to JCR Hopper repo directly.

> - Create a new json file with `log level` , `list of hop configs` & `list of parameters` under `/apps/jcr-hopper/script-builder/scripts/samples/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add your script (see [Creating a script](#Creating a script) above) as a JSON file under `/apps/jcr-hopper/script-builder/scripts/samples/`.
```

Author: done

> - Add an tag Entry in `/apps/jcr-hopper/script-builder/scripts/.content.xml` file for your new json and by defining user-friendly label for Sample script as `jcr:title`. Check this file on how it is added for previous sample script jsons.

Reviewer: This is a specialized form of (“Inside application project repo”). I would prefer we document this only generically to avoid repetitions (we could add a section to `CONTRIBUTING.md` that details the specifics of adding a sample into this repo).

Also, I would describe the desired state rather than the steps required to achieve them. We should assume the reader is competent and fluent in JCR. This means telling the user they should put the script as JSON to this path in JCR and tell them that if they want a custom title, they should add the `mix:title` mixin and set a `jcr:title`. If they don’t know how to do that with `.content.xml` files, they can do it in CRXde and export a package or they can look up one of the online resources that tells them how to do that.

##### Inside application project repo

If the Sample script is quite specific to your project needs then you can keep the script in your project repo with specific folder structure as defined below.

- Create a new json file `your-samnple-script.json` under `/apps/jcr-hopper/script-builder/scripts/{your-project-folder}` or any sub folder under it. json should contain `log level` , `list of hop configs` & `list of parameters`. Check the existing sample scripts for examples.
- Add an tag Entry in `/apps/jcr-hopper/script-builder/scripts/.content.xml` file for your new json and by defining user-friendly label for Sample script as `jcr:title`. Check this file on how it is added for previous sample script jsons.

High level structure of Script json content

```json
{
	"logLevel": "info",
	"hops": [],
	"parameters": []
}

> ```

Reviewer: We could move this after the list “JCR hopper sample scripts comprise the following:”. It’s not only useful for samples.
